capital = 64


set_variable = { var = ger_gateway_to_europe_influence value = 0 }

set_variable = { var = wehrmacht_anger value = 0 }
set_variable = { var = ss_anger value = 0 }
set_research_slots = 4
set_convoys = 200
set_stability = 0.75 
set_war_support = 0.3

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = fascism
	last_election = "1933.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 20
	fascism = 60
	communism = 20
}

add_ideas = GER_mefo_bills_1

activate_mission = GER_mefo_bills_mission

recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_pieck
recruit_character = GER_konrad_adenauer
recruit_character = GER_adolf_hitler
recruit_character = GER_albert_kesselring
recruit_character = GER_alfred_jodl
recruit_character = GER_alfred_saalwachter
recruit_character = GER_erhard_milch
recruit_character = GER_erich_bey
recruit_character = GER_erich_raeder
recruit_character = GER_erich_von_manstein
recruit_character = GER_ernst_udet
recruit_character = GER_ernsteberhard_hell
recruit_character = GER_erwin_rommel
recruit_character = GER_erwin_von_witzleben
recruit_character = GER_ewald_von_kleist
recruit_character = GER_fedor_von_bock
recruit_character = GER_felix_steiner
recruit_character = GER_ferdinand_schorner
recruit_character = GER_franz_halder
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_paulus
recruit_character = GER_friedrich_schulz
recruit_character = GER_georg_von_kuchler
recruit_character = GER_georghans_reinhardt
recruit_character = GER_gerd_von_rundstedt
recruit_character = GER_hermann_goring
recruit_character = GER_gotthard_heinrici
recruit_character = GER_gunther_lutjens
recruit_character = GER_gunther_von_kluge
recruit_character = GER_hasso_von_manteuffel
recruit_character = GER_heinz_guderian
recruit_character = GER_heisenberg
recruit_character = GER_hermann_boehm
recruit_character = GER_hermann_hoth
recruit_character = GER_hugo_sperrle
recruit_character = GER_johannes_blaskowitz
recruit_character = GER_karl_donitz
recruit_character = GER_kurt_student
recruit_character = GER_ludwig_beck
recruit_character = GER_maximilian_von_weichs
recruit_character = GER_otto_ciliax
recruit_character = GER_paul_hausser
recruit_character = GER_ritter_von_greim
recruit_character = GER_sepp_dietrich
recruit_character = GER_viktor_schutze
recruit_character = GER_von_braun
recruit_character = GER_walter_kruger
recruit_character = GER_walter_model
recruit_character = GER_walther_von_brauchitsch
recruit_character = GER_walther_wever
recruit_character = GER_werner_von_fritsch
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_keitel
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_list
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_marschall

recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_ritter_von_leeb
recruit_character = GER_wolfram_von_richthofen

recruit_character = GER_heinrich_himmler
recruit_character = GER_walther_funk
recruit_character = GER_hjalmar_schacht
recruit_character = GER_julius_leber
recruit_character = GER_albert_speer
recruit_character = GER_hans_oster
recruit_character = GER_theodor_heuss
recruit_character = GER_fritz_todt
recruit_character = GER_joachim_von_ribbentrop
recruit_character = GER_ernst_thalmann
recruit_character = GER_rudolf_hess
recruit_character = GER_martin_bormann
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_canaris
recruit_character = GER_joseph_goebbels
recruit_character = GER_konstantin_von_neurath
recruit_character = GER_alfred_hugenberg
recruit_character = GER_kurt_schumacher
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_ii
recruit_character = GER_wilhelm_iii
recruit_character = GER_victoria
recruit_character = GER_august_von_mackensen

recruit_character = GER_alexander_von_falkenhausen #Not visible unless recalled from China


if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "Waking the Tiger"
	}
	recruit_character = GER_carl_friedrich_goerdeler
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Otto Skorzeny"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_otto_skorenzy
		traits = { operative_commando }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { GER }
	}

	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Nikolaus Ritter"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_nikolaus_ritter
		traits = { operative_safe_cracker }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { GER }
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Eleysa Bazna"
		GFX = GFX_portrait_eleysa_bazna
		traits = { operative_infiltrator }
		bypass_recruitment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { GER TUR }
	}
}

if = {
	limit = {
		not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	}
	### Ship Variants ###
	## 1936 Start ##
	# Light Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Königsberg Class"
		type = light_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 2
			ship_engine_upgrade = 2
			ship_gun_upgrade = 2
			ship_anti_air_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	# Heavy Cruisers #
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Deutschland Class"
		type = heavy_cruiser_1
		parent_version = 0
		upgrades = {
			ship_reliability_upgrade = 1
			ship_engine_upgrade = 1
			ship_armor_upgrade = 1
			ship_gun_upgrade = 2
		}
	}
}
if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "No Step Back"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leichttraktor"
		type = light_tank_chassis_0
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_small_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 2
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		obsolete = yes
		icon = "GFX_gwtank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Panzer I Ausf. A"
		type = light_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_heavy_machine_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_one_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 5
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 1
		}
		icon = "GFX_GER_basic_light_tank_medium"
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Neubaufahrzeug"
		type = heavy_tank_chassis_1
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_close_support_gun
			turret_type_slot = tank_heavy_three_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_bogie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
			special_type_slot_2 = secondary_turret_hmg
			special_type_slot_3 = secondary_turret_hmg
			special_type_slot_4 = secondary_turret_hmg
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 6
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_GER_basic_heavy_tank_medium"
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Panzer II Ausf. a"
		type = light_tank_chassis_2
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			main_armament_slot = tank_auto_cannon
			turret_type_slot = tank_light_two_man_tank_turret
			suspension_type_slot = tank_christie_suspension
			armor_type_slot = tank_riveted_armor
			engine_type_slot = tank_gasoline_engine
			special_type_slot_1 = tank_radio_1
		}
		upgrades = {
			tank_nsb_engine_upgrade = 3
			tank_nsb_armor_upgrade = 2
		}
		icon = "GFX_GER_improved_light_tank_medium"
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Deutschland Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_panzerschiff
		name_group = GER_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
        	fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
    	}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type 24 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_1
		name_group = GER_TB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zerstörer 1934 Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Zerstörer 1934A Class"
		type = ship_hull_light_2
		name_group = GER_DD_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = light_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_depth_charge_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type II Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_1
		name_group = GER_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_1
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Type VII Class"
		type = ship_hull_submarine_2
		name_group = GER_SS_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_torpedo_slot = ship_torpedo_sub_2
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = sub_ship_engine_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Königsberg Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Emden Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Bremse Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_1
		name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_mine_layer_1
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Leipzig Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = GER_CL_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_light_medium_battery_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Admiral Hipper Class"
		type = ship_hull_cruiser_2
		name_group = GER_CA_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = cruiser_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_cruiser_2
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_torpedo_1
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_airplane_launcher_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_medium_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Scharnhorst Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_2
		name_group = GER_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_2
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
		}
	}
	create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Deutschland Class"
		type = ship_hull_pre_dreadnought
		name_group = GER_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_0
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_1
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_1
			mid_1_custom_slot = empty
			rear_1_custom_slot = empty
		}
		obsolete = yes
	}
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Ju 86"
	type = tac_bomber_equipment_0
	upgrades = {
		plane_tac_bomb_upgrade = 5
		plane_range_upgrade = 5
		plane_engine_upgrade = 5
		plane_reliability_upgrade = 5
	}
	obsolete = yes
}

create_equipment_variant = {
	name = "Do 17"
	type = tac_bomber_equipment_0
	upgrades = {
		plane_tac_bomb_upgrade = 5
		plane_range_upgrade = 1
		plane_engine_upgrade = 1
		plane_reliability_upgrade = 5
	}
	obsolete = yes
}
